Sister, why do you say that?
Are you jealous that I can marry Mr. Ji?
Mom and Dad just want me to be happy
What does it matter if there is more money and less money?
Which parent in the world would want their children to be well?
Is that right? Then I just said that I want to divorce the Gu family.
Why don't you agree?
Just because I'm not your biological daughter, so you're not paired?
You are actually not your biological daughter, right?
My sister was adopted.
If my parents hadn't pitied him at that time
Now I don't know which ravine was sold by human traffickers to be a child bride for others
Then his biological parents didn't think of him as I did
Sister also gives you pain
I heard from my father that my biological parents are dead
Sooner or later it will be too late for me
Kids don't come to you to talk to bad guys
Sister, I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to bring up your sadness
It's just that I'm about to marry Linchuan
I think he has a right to know about our family
No matter what Qin Siyu said
Xiaoxuan is also your sister
Why are you always so hostile?
Because I'm not blind
If you divide it, it will be green tea and white lotus flowers. Hey, you
Take a break
Mom, look at him bullying me again
Qin Siyu, can you?
But I don't allow you to say that, Xiaoxian.
You go and apologize to Xiaoxian immediately.
You let go